# timelion-extras

This is where I dump random functions that for, whatever reason, I haven't gotten merged into Kibana core. Its my playground, try not to get sand everywhere.

### .aggregate(functionName)
 *Pull pending on Kibana core: This will be removed from timelion-extras soon*  
`.aggregate()` creates a flat line based on a function, the names of which are probably self explanatory: avg, min, max, last, sum, cardinality

### .orderby(functionName, direction)
`.orderby()` orders a multiple series list by a function, the names of which are probably self explanatory: avg, min, max, last, sum, cardinality, label. The list can be sorted in ascending (asc) or descending (desc) order.

### .label_by_es_term()
This horribly named function is basically a shortcut for `.label('$1', '.*:(.*)\ >.*')`. Its handy when you want to shorten the automatic labels generated by `.es(split=someNumber:someField)`

### .mvavg(window, position) 
*Pull pending on Kibana core: This will be removed from timelion-extras soon*  
`.mvavg()` is an enhanced version of the `.mvavg()` that comes with Kibana. It adds the ability to set window to a date math expression such as minutes or days, eg `1m` or `5d`. This works best if window is evenly divisible by the currently selected interval, for example, an interval of `1d`, and a window of `1w`. Otherwise we'll do some rounding. 

## Installing
I don't usually publish packages for this, but installing directly from Github is fairly simple:

1. cd to your `kibana/plugins` directory.
2. `wget https://github.com/rashidkpc/timelion-extras/archive/master.zip`
3. `unzip master.zip`
4. `rm timelion-extras-master/gulpfile.js` (This is a dev environment thing. Kibana won't start if you don't remove `gulpfile.js`)
5. Start kibana (and delete that master.zip if you want, or not, it won't break anything)
